Update changelog.md (#3666)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

## Release v5.23 - [Quality Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)

- **v5.23.2, release day TBD**

>   - Fixing an issue where 

Author: @lieut-data / @sudheerDev Please let me know if you have a short description of the issue I can communicate to users

>   - Fixing an issue where 

Reviewer: @amyblais The 3rd party library we are using deployed a new version which should fix it for customers. We are waiting for confirmation on the resolution but at the moment we don't need to make a dot release.

>   - Fixing an issue where 

Author: Ah I see. I'll close this for now until we have full details

>   - Fixing an issue where 

Reviewer: @amyblais So far we only have one report, i think we should still wait for few more hours for other customers to get back.

>   - Investigating an issue where users are experiencing high CPU and memory usage. Current workaround is to clear the cache. Workaround for affected desktop app users also includes deleting the AppData folder (Windows: ``%APPDATA%/Mattermost``; Mac: ``~\Library\Application Support\Mattermost``; Linux: ``~\.config\Mattermost``).

Reviewer: > Investigating an issue where users are experiencing high CPU and memory usage after prolonged use of desktop or webapp. 

I think we should say `prolonged use` to be clear.

>   - Investigating an issue where users are experiencing high CPU and memory usage after prolonged use of desktop app or webapp. Current workaround is to clear the cache. Workaround for affected desktop app users also includes deleting the AppData folder (Windows: ``%APPDATA%/Mattermost``; Mac: ``~\Library\Application Support\Mattermost``; Linux: ``~\.config\Mattermost``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Investigating an issue where users are experiencing high CPU and memory usage after a prolonged use of Mattermost on the Desktop Apps or the browser. Current workaround is to clear the cache. Workaround for affected desktop app users also includes deleting the AppData folder (Windows: ``%APPDATA%/Mattermost``; Mac: ``~\Library\Application Support\Mattermost``; Linux: ``~\.config\Mattermost``).
```
